I repeat to you, even if I go to work or
the players ask me and I'll give it to them
and then I see here I put no
for example now with morelia I think that
I arrive the day before the game with
morelia nothing happens if they arrive well
I put if if they arrive tired by the
others and I'm not going to complain because
any player they call me
illusion about the greyhound at 20
any player who call the lion a
what generates me is pride pride
because they are players and boys who
I have seen where they come from where
we all come together and this marks a
situation for the rest of the youth
guanajuatense and mexico that does not matter
where do you come from or maybe a person
humble it matters if you are willing to
pay the price of success that is to leave
absolutely all the workouts
on the court to take care of you to have a life
professional and that's what they are
proving not cases like the one of mounts
the bully visit the rooster returns aris
hernandez
what we have achieved thus is in you
let's be blank
for
and as I tell you, those who were
our
it would never be
yes yes it's something that I like a lot
I have some people in charge looking
players and not in the first division is
to be lower because I think that
Mexico has a very good potential and
simply that sometimes some
players do not have the opportunity or not
have been well-routed then this
I never rule out bringing players that
Sometimes people do not know how was the
case of several of burbano de lobo a
when we ascended
yes but it's a theme like Denis
Now that it is here that came from the USA
has played professional ever but when
I saw it in practice I broke my eyes
any time you will have your chance
also because I like how he plays
they understand what I want from the team
then I do not rule out quality
when I see a good player